hey guys so I'm in the middle of filming
my contour and highlight video so I'm
about to do on my lips right now and I
kind of just wanted to film it for you
guys because I usually don't do lip
videos but I've been really loving the
lip that I have been doing lately so I'm
just going to show you first I'm going
to tell you the products I'm going to
say that the lip liner I use is a Milani
this is in the color o3 and it's the
color statement liner and true instant
color so this isn't out three nude and I
got this from like CVS but honestly it's
like a Mac lip liner other than I don't
like usually sharpener Bowl lip liners I
like screwable ones and so I that's the
only thing I don't like about it but the
other one that I love is the L'Oreal
color riche won and timeless coral this
one's a really pretty natural color I'm
not going to be using this one today but
I think you guys have seen me use it
before because I have used it before but
this one's kind of like a reddish one
and I like that but I'm going to be
showing you guys how I do this
I also top off my lip liner with a Dior
lip glow this is what it looks like it's
just a kind of light pigment gloss and I
just love this of it's really not heavy
at all this is in the color um do your
attact I don't know the color though
yeah I don't know the color but it's
just the pinkish one so I'm just going
to fill in my lips and show you guys how
it's done so let me zoom in okay so I
know my lips are a little bit chapped I
apologize but I'm just going to show you
guys how I do this so first I'm going to
go in with my liner and I'm going to
start on the outer corners on the bottom
and I'm going to over line just a little
bit and I'm gonna this fill in about two
there just like that
I really really love this color it's
like a raspberry color I know I did a
really bad job of having a straight line
I'll go back and fix odd and I'll fix it
with concealer too but you guys get the
gist of it so I'm just going to go back
in on the top and I'm just going to over
line a little bit the most important
port part is that you want to say true
to your outer corners I like to like
make eye lips look big and full and you
just want to make sure that you're true
to the outer corners or it's going to
look really fake and I'm going to do the
same on the other side so so now I kind
of have them filled in a little bit and
I'm just going to put the gloss on and
move around that color
okay so this is the finished lip it's
kind of bigger but I really really
really like it um I went back and fixed
most of the lines that I messed up on
but I think overall it looks really
really good um I know I'm going to get
some questions on this I don't have any
lip fillers I have not done anything to
my lips as you can tell by that scar
right there I was bit by my dog and I
had to get stitches that's why my lips
are kind of uneven on the top but that's
why I fill them in because I don't like
that it's kind of like an insecurity so
yeah that's why they look a little bit
different it's not because I have any
work done or anything like that so I
don't even want you guys to think that
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and if you did please give it a
big thumbs up and yeah I love that
subscribe if you haven't already and I
will see you guys next time bye guys